gh-120381: Fix inspect.ismethoddescriptor() (#120383)
python/cpython: Doc/library/inspect.rst

   are true.

   This, for example, is true of ``int.__add__``.  An object passing this test

>    has a :meth:`~object.__get__` method, but not a :meth:`~object.__set__`

Reviewer: Maybe this part of the text requires a `.. versionadded:: 3.14`, but I am not sure on that

Author: I believe `.. versionchanged:: .....` would be more approproate, as here we change the behavior of an existing entity, rather than add a new entity.

Also – here we come back to the question I asked at the beginning – shouldn't it be applied also to Python 3.13? (considering that Python 3.13 is still in the beta phase, and here we have a bugfix, rather than a feature, even if it seems too disruptive to be backported to the 3.12 and earlier Python versions...)

What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Yes, `versionchanged` would be the right docs notation.

Reviewer 2: The note in the [`__set__`](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/datamodel.html#object.__set__) documentation (along with the interpreter's actual behaviour) makes it clear that this is a bugfix (i.e. adding `__delete__` is enough to make a descriptor a data descriptor), so backporting to 3.13 makes sense to me.

I also agree that the risk/reward for backporting further isn't there, so 3.13 is as far back as the change should go.

Author: OK, added. :)

   :attr:`~method.__func__` attribute (etc) when an object passes
   :func:`ismethod`.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.13

>       For objects with :meth:`~object.__get__` and :meth:`~object.__delete__`
>       but without :meth:`~object.__set__`, ``False`` is now returned
>       (previously, ``True`` was returned for such objects, which was
>       incorrect).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      Objects with :meth:`~object.__get__` and :meth:`~object.__delete__`
      but without :meth:`~object.__set__` are no more considered as method
      descriptors. In previous versions, they were incorrectly deemed as such.
```

Author: @picnixz OK, I committed your suggestion. However, doesn't the fragment *are no more considered as method descriptors* sound too general? I mean, someone could misunderstand it – that before Python 3.13 such objects were generally considered as method descriptors; whereas our intent is to inform that just this particular function incorrectly considered them as such.

What do you think about such wording:

> Objects with `__get__()` and `__delete__()` but without `__set__()` are no more considered by this function as method descriptors. In previous versions, they incorrectly were.

Author: (Or some other wording that would emphasize the focus on the behavior of this particular function...)

Author: I just committed as slightly different variant:

```rest
      Objects with :meth:`~object.__get__` and :meth:`~object.__delete__`
      but without :meth:`~object.__set__` are no more considered by this
      function as method descriptors (in previous versions, they were
      incorrectly deemed as such).
```

Could you please decide whether it is OK. :)

Reviewer 2: I've added a suggestion to tighten this up and make it clear it is describing a bug fix in this function rather than a change to the language itself.

Author: Thank you! :) I applied it.

Reviewer 3: Sure thanks! my suggestions are in the end only... suggestions. I appreciate when someone likes it verbatim but I don't mind when it is reformulated!

>    .. versionchanged:: 3.13
>       Objects with :meth:`~object.__get__` and :meth:`~object.__delete__`
>       but without :meth:`~object.__set__` are no more considered by this
>       function as method descriptors (in previous versions, they were
>       incorrectly deemed as such).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   .. versionchanged:: 3.13
      This function no longer incorrectly reports objects with :meth:`~object.__get__
      and :meth:`~object.__delete__`, but not :meth:`~object.__set__`, as being method
      descriptors (such objects are data descriptors, not method descriptors).
```
